W-21214043-update-sftp-connector-docs-feedback-sis (#3139)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: sftp/2.6/modules/ROOT/pages/sftp-documentation.adoc

* <<reconnect-forever>> |  A retry strategy in case of connectivity errors. |  |
|===

[NOTE]
====

> If your SFTP server is a legacy system that does not support the `SSH_FXF_APPEND` flag, set *Write Strategy* to `CUSTOM` and *Write Mode* to `CUSTOM_APPEND` to prevent files from being overwritten. For more information, refer to xref:sftp-connector-troubleshooting.adoc#standard-append-mode-overwrites-or-fails[Standard Append Mode Overwrites or Fails].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your SFTP server is a legacy system that doesn't support the `SSH_FXF_APPEND` flag, set *Write Strategy* to `CUSTOM` and *Write Mode* to `CUSTOM_APPEND` to prevent files from being overwritten. For more information, refer to xref:sftp-connector-troubleshooting.adoc#standard-append-mode-overwrites-or-fails[Standard Append Mode Overwrites or Fails].
```
